Changes
=======

- Designed buildins


Buildins
========

For operators and types:

- operators: name, precendence, associativity, operator body.
  Also need a compile function: A C function that gets the AST and assembler and
  compiles the operator code.
- types: name, size, initial value (ptr, len).
  Size is a normal int property. Used by compiler functions when allocating memory.
  Initial value is used when variables are defined without assignment.
  Compiler C code to load and store a variable of that type? Works well for ints
  and stuff like that. But what about larger structs or arrays?
  Ok, arrays are just pointer and length... two 64 bit values.

No type specific functions since we use function overloading for now
(interfaces later on when we need polymorphism). Functions within a type are
translated into free functions taking "this" as first parameter.

IDEA: Create an AST node that represents C code functions. This is our "buildin".
Not the complete compile time stuff we want but good enough for now.

PROBLEM: We need normal and buildin functions for function and operator nodes.
This would lead to 4 permutations: function, operator, buildin func, buildin op.

SOLUTION: Don't duplicate stuff for operators. The operator nodes just contain
the stuff that an operator needs additionally to what a function need. The code
op the operator itself is then contained within a function node of the operator.
Like this:

	operator:
		precendence
		associativity
		func: → function with args, name, body, etc.

PROBLEM: Not what we would expect as AST from the source code.

SOLUTION: Might be a good time to go components. Make the AST nodes component
based. This way we would have a function component and a buildin component. Each
mutually exclusive.


Components
==========

Rough list of components:

- namespace
- symbol (name attribute, nodes defines a thing that can be looked up by name)
- value (type attribute, e.g. interim results)
- storage (aka lvalues, stuff that represents memory storage, frame_displ
  attribute). Can also be read-only storage (e.g. literals) be we need a flag
  for it so we can't assign new values.
- exec (assembler buffer, slots, etc. and linker stuff)
- buildin (node represents op or func provided by the compiler)

But each node would also have it's own private properties to represent
attributes of the source code.

IDEA: Have a big node struct with all the components in it. Mutually exclusive
components can go into one union. The custom node attributes will follow after
the components. This would make sure that one component has the same offset in
every node. We would only need to access the component, not cast or anything.

Operator and function definition nodes have an exec component. Operator and function
buildins have the buildin component but use the AST members of the definition nodes
(e.g. precedence and associativity).